README.md, before:

# 3DHex
<img align="left" src="https://github.com/3DHexfw/3DHex/blob/master/Host/3DHex.ico" />

3DHex is an open source 3D printer firmware. The Host uses the CPU power of any typical desktop computer and generates a binary file. This file then is transfered either via USB or SD Card to the MCU. The MCU sets its outputs according to the raw 0s and 1s that binary file contains. 

## Features of version 1.0.1

-User friendly configuration
-Jerk free S-Curve velocity profile
-Either S-Curve or Trapezoid profile
-Real arc G02/G03 motion 
-Jump velocity 
-Basic thermal protection
-Working with RAMPS board
-USB printing (15KHz step rate)
-SD Card printing (25KHz step rate)
-LCD 16x2 support
-Only for Cartesian 3D printers
-Axis angle error fix

## Installation

All compiled current and previous versions of the firmware are located at  [Releases](https://github.com/3DHexfw/3DHex/releases) . The setup will also create a folder on the desktop which contains the MCU code in order to upload to the board.

## How to print 

Take a look at the [Guide](https://github.com/3DHexfw/3DHex/blob/master/Host/Host%20saved%20settings/3DHex/Guide_1.0.1.pdf)

## Youtube 

[3DHexfw](https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCmxyTgfH-faXP00cXr8jxtA?view_as=subscriber)

## Images

<div>Logo made with <a href="https://www.designevo.com/" title="Free Online Logo Maker">DesignEvo</a></div>
<div>Icons made by <a href="https://www.flaticon.com/authors/dave-gandy" title="Dave Gandy">Dave Gandy</a> from <a href="https://www.flaticon.com/" 
<div>Icons made by <a href="https://www.freepik.com/" title="Freepik">Freepik</a> from <a href="https://www.flaticon.com/"                 title="Flaticon">www.flaticon.com</a> is licensed by <a href="http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by/3.0/"                 title="Creative Commons BY 3.0" target="_blank">CC 3.0 BY</a></div>

Commit message:

curve detection + matrix dark theme

README.md, after:

# 3DHex
<img align="left" src="https://github.com/3DHexfw/3DHex/blob/master/Host/3DHex.ico" />

3DHex is an open source 3D printer firmware. The Host uses the CPU power of any typical desktop computer to solve really complex mathematical equations and generates a binary file. This file then is transfered either via USB or SD Card to the MCU. The MCU sets its outputs according to the raw 0s and 1s that binary file contains and controls the printing process. 

## Notes on version 1.0.2

-User friendly configuration
-Jerk free S-Curve velocity profile
-Option for Trapezoid velocity profile
-Real arc G02/G03 motion with accel-decel phase
-Curve detection with accel-decel phase
-Jump velocity
-Basic thermal protection
-Tested with Arduino Mega 2560
-USB printing max 15KHz step rate
-SD Card printing max 25KHz step rate
-LCD 16x2 support
-Only Cartesian 3D printers
-Software axis alignment 

## How to install

Download 3DHex.exe located at [Releases](https://github.com/3DHexfw/3DHex/releases) . The installation will also extract a folder which contains the MCU code and the necessary Arduino libraries in order to upload to the board.

## How to print 

Take a look at the [Guide](https://github.com/3DHexfw/3DHex/blob/master/Host/Host%20saved%20settings/3DHex/Guide_1.0.2.pdf)

## Youtube 

[3DHexfw](https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCmxyTgfH-faXP00cXr8jxtA?view_as=subscriber)

## Images

<div>Logo made with <a href="https://www.designevo.com/" title="Free Online Logo Maker">DesignEvo</a></div>
<div>Icons made by <a href="https://www.flaticon.com/authors/dave-gandy" title="Dave Gandy">Dave Gandy</a> from <a href="https://www.flaticon.com/" 
<div>Icons made by <a href="https://www.freepik.com/" title="Freepik">Freepik</a> from <a href="https://www.flaticon.com/"                 title="Flaticon">www.flaticon.com</a> is licensed by <a href="http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by/3.0/"                 title="Creative Commons BY 3.0" target="_blank">CC 3.0 BY</a></div>
<div>Icons made by <a href="https://www.flaticon.com/authors/freepik" title="Freepik">Freepik</a> from <a href="https://www.flaticon.com/" title="Flaticon">www.flaticon.com</a></div>
